
- **Command:** The terminal program to execute. The files, space-delimited, will be appended to this string and passed to the terminal. Only Bash-compatible commands are supported at the moment (due to the quoting required for the command and passed file paths).
- **UTIs:** A comma-delimited list of [Uniform Type Identifiers](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/uniformtypeidentifiers) to support. The default of "public.text" will add your shim app to the "Open With" menu for text documents (and enable dragging them to the shim app icon), but you can add or remove UTIs to broaden or narrow this. Files with unsupported UTIs can still be set to open with your shim app with `Open With` -> `Other...`; if your shim app is greyed-out, switch `Enable:` from `Recommended Applications` to `All Applications`.
- **Bundle ID:** The bundle identifier for the shim app. This can be any unique string, but is usually a reverse URL withe app name as the final component.
- **Terminal:** Select desired terminal application. Currently supported are Terminal.app and iTerm2. To try to use another terminal, select `Generic`, and enter the terminal's name. An attempt will be make to control the terminal by sending keystrokes (best effort). Permission must first be given for your shim app to control your computer in `System Preferences` -> `Privacy and Security` -> `Accessbility`.
- **Open Files: () Together, () Individually:** If multiple files are opened simultaneously, should they all be passed to a single instantiation to the command (space-delimited), or should each open in it's own window? Note that this only applies to files opened at one time - files opened thereafter will currently always open in new windows.

A custom icon can also be chosen with "Select Icon...". Currently, the GUI only supports `png`s, but the CLI can be used to choose any format MacOS supports, including `icns`.

Then click `Save As…`, provide a file name and directory, and click `Save`. You can then set your shim app as the `Open With` handler, or launch it to provide a draggable target in the Dock (no windows will appear after being launched, and launching the shim app ahead of time isn't necessary).
